Add a GEMINI.md file with instructions for the CLI (#2895)
google/comprehensive-rust: GEMINI.md

# Project Overview

> This repository contains the source code for Comprehensive Rust, a family of
> courses on Rust developed by Google. The project is a Rust workspace that
> leverages `mdbook` to generate a comprehensive course website, including various
> deep dives into specialized topics like Android, Chromium, bare-metal
> development, and concurrency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the source code for Comprehensive Rust, a family of
courses on Rust developed by Google, starting with Rust foundations, and including
deep dives into specialized topics like Android, Chromium, bare-metal
development, and concurrency. The project is a Rust workspace that
leverages `mdbook` to generate a course website.
```

## Key Technologies

> - **Rust:** The primary programming language for the course content, custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Rust:** The primary programming language for the course subject, custom
```

  tools, and examples.
- **mdbook:** A command-line tool to create books from Markdown files, used for
  generating the course website.
- **Custom mdbook Preprocessors:** `mdbook-course` and `mdbook-exerciser` are
  Rust binaries that extend `mdbook`'s functionality, for example, to extract
  exercise starter code.
- **`cargo xtask`:** A custom binary within the workspace used for project
  automation, simplifying common development tasks.

# Building and Running

> The project uses `cargo xtask` for all build and development automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project uses `cargo xtask` for project-specific automation, like builds, tests, and managing translations.
```
